
By installing or using this font you agree to the Product Usage Agreement:
http://www.mansgreback.com/pua

-----------------------

This font is for PERSONAL USE ONLY and requires a license for commercial use. 
The font license can be purchased at: 
http://www.mansgreback.com/fonts/golden-state-serif

Please read "What license do I need?" for more info:
http://www.mansgreback.com/license

-----------------------

Golden State Serif is a finely crafted typeface that blends classic elegance with modern versatility.

Golden State Serif is a basic serif typeface, designed with regular weight and balanced proportions. Its timeless appeal makes it suitable for art and design projects, while its neutrality ensures readability in newspapers and formal documents. The font exudes a sense of formality and refinement, making it a reliable choice for any professional setting.

Golden State Serif is also available as a variable font, offering seamless adjustability in weight and style in hundreds of variations distilled down to a single font file. This allows for precise customization to match your design needs, providing flexibility and a wide range of typographic expressions within a single typeface.
More info about Variable Fonts: https://mansgreback.com/variable-fonts

The font is built with advanced OpenType functionality and guaranteed top-notch quality, containing stylistic and contextual alternates, ligatures, and more automatic and manual features; all to give you full control and customizability.
It has extensive lingual support, covering all Latin-based languages, from North Europa to South Africa, from America to South-East Asia. It contains all characters and symbols you'll ever need, including all punctuation and numbers.

Golden State Serif is designed by Mans Greback to bring a sense of classic sophistication and neutrality to your projects, with its formal and timeless style.

-----------------------

For further information, please read the FAQ:
http://www.mansgreback.com/faq
